To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: True
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  degrees offered ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? A ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? M ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Div ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? ) program also exists ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The Joan B ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Theodore M ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 7%) ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Forbes ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  U ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  According to payscale ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  A ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Nef ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Div ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? , Business, M ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Ed ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? ) students ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  M ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  When St ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? "The Rev ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  John J ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? A ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 7 million to $176 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Charles E ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Sheedy, C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Mary's College ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Jenkins, C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? C ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 2 million ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? A ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? ) degrees ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? g ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? S ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  colleges ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Fr ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? g ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The Rev ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Michael J ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Wieschaus ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  John Jenkins ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
To whom did the Virgin Mary allegedly appear in 1858 in Lourdes France?  ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: True
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  degrees offered ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? A ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? M ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Div ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? ) program also exists ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The Joan B ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Theodore M ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 7%) ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Forbes ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  U ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  According to payscale ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  A ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Nef ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Div ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? , Business, M ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Ed ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? ) students ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  M ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  When St ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? "The Rev ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  John J ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? A ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Charles E ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Mary's College ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? C ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 2 million ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? A ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? ) degrees ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? g ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? S ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  colleges ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Fr ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? g ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The Rev ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Michael J ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Wieschaus ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  John Jenkins ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What is in front of the Notre Dame Main Building?  ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: True
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: True
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: True
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: True
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  degrees offered ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? A ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? M ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Div ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? ) program also exists ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The Joan B ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Theodore M ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 7%) ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Forbes ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  U ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  According to payscale ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  A ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Nef ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Div ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? , Business, M ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Ed ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? ) students ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: True
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  M ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  When St ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? "The Rev ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  John J ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? A ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 7 million to $176 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Charles E ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Sheedy, C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Mary's College ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Jenkins, C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? C ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 2 million ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? A ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? ) degrees ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? g ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? S ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  colleges ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Fr ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: True
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? g ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The Rev ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Michael J ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Wieschaus ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  John Jenkins ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
The Basilica of the Sacred heart at Notre Dame is beside to which structure?  ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: True
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? M ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What is the Grotto at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: True
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? M ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?  ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: True
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  degrees offered ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? A ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? M ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Div ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? ) program also exists ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The Joan B ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Theodore M ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 7%) ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Forbes ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  U ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  According to payscale ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  A ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Nef ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Div ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? , Business, M ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Ed ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? ) students ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  M ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  When St ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? "The Rev ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  John J ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? A ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 7 million to $176 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Charles E ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Sheedy, C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Mary's College ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Jenkins, C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? C ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 2 million ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? A ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? ) degrees ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? g ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? S ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  colleges ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Fr ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? g ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The Rev ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Michael J ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Wieschaus ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  John Jenkins ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
When did the Scholastic Magazine of Notre dame begin publishing?  ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: True
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: True
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  degrees offered ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? A ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? M ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Div ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? ) program also exists ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The Joan B ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Theodore M ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 7%) ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Forbes ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  U ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  According to payscale ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  A ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Nef ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Div ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? , Business, M ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Ed ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? ) students ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  M ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  When St ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? "The Rev ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  John J ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? A ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 7 million to $176 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Charles E ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Sheedy, C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Mary's College ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Jenkins, C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? C ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 2 million ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? A ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? ) degrees ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? g ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? S ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  colleges ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Fr ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? g ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: True
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: True
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The Rev ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Michael J ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Wieschaus ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  John Jenkins ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
How often is Notre Dame's the Juggler published?  ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: True
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: True
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: True
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: True
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  degrees offered ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? A ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? M ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Div ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? ) program also exists ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The Joan B ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Theodore M ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 7%) ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Forbes ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  U ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  According to payscale ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  A ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Nef ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Div ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? , Business, M ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Ed ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? ) students ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  M ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  When St ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? "The Rev ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  John J ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? A ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Charles E ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Mary's College ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? C ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 2 million ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? A ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? ) degrees ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? g ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? S ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  colleges ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Fr ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? g ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The Rev ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Michael J ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Wieschaus ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  John Jenkins ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What is the daily student paper at Notre Dame called?  ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: True
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: True
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? M ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: True
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: True
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: True
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? g ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: True
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? g ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
How many student news papers are found at Notre Dame?  ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: True
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? A ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? M ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? A ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: True
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? C ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? A ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? g ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? S ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: True
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? g ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
In what year did the student paper Common Sense begin publication at Notre Dame?  ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: True
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  degrees offered ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? M ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Div ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) program also exists ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Joan B ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Theodore M ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 7%) ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Forbes ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  U ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  According to payscale ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: True
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Nef ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Div ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , Business, M ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Ed ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) students ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  M ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  When St ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? "The Rev ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  John J ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 7 million to $176 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Charles E ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sheedy, C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Mary's College ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Jenkins, C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 2 million ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: True
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) degrees ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: True
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? g ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  colleges ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Fr ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? g ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Rev ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Michael J ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Wieschaus ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  John Jenkins ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: True
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: True
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: True
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  degrees offered ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? M ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Div ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) program also exists ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Joan B ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Theodore M ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 7%) ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Forbes ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  U ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  According to payscale ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Nef ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Div ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , Business, M ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Ed ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) students ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  M ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  When St ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? "The Rev ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  John J ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Charles E ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Mary's College ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? C ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 2 million ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? A ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? ) degrees ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? g ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? S ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  colleges ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Fr ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? g ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The Rev ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Michael J ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Wieschaus ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  John Jenkins ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What is the primary seminary of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?  ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: True
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? M ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: True
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: True
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What is the oldest structure at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: True
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? M ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What individuals live at Fatima House at Notre Dame?  ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: True
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  degrees offered ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? A ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? M ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Div ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? ) program also exists ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The Joan B ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Theodore M ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 7%) ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Forbes ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  U ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  According to payscale ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  A ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Nef ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Div ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? , Business, M ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Ed ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? ) students ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  M ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  When St ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? "The Rev ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  John J ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? A ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 7 million to $176 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Charles E ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Sheedy, C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Mary's College ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Jenkins, C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? C ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 2 million ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? A ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? ) degrees ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? g ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? S ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  colleges ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Fr ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? g ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The Rev ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Michael J ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Wieschaus ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  John Jenkins ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
Which prize did Frederick Buechner create?  ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: True
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? M ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? g ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: True
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? g ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: True
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?  ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: True
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  degrees offered ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? A ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? M ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Div ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? ) program also exists ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The Joan B ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Theodore M ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 7%) ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Forbes ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  U ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  According to payscale ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  A ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Nef ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Div ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? , Business, M ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Ed ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? ) students ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: True
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  M ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  When St ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? "The Rev ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  John J ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? A ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 7 million to $176 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Charles E ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Sheedy, C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Mary's College ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Jenkins, C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? C ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 2 million ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? A ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? ) degrees ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? g ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: True
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? S ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  colleges ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Fr ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: True
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? g ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The Rev ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Michael J ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: True
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Wieschaus ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  John Jenkins ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
In what year was the College of Engineering at Notre Dame formed?  ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: True
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  degrees offered ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? A ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? M ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Div ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? ) program also exists ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: True
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The Joan B ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Theodore M ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 7%) ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Forbes ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  U ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  According to payscale ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  A ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Nef ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Div ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? , Business, M ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Ed ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? ) students ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  M ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  When St ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? "The Rev ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  John J ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? A ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 7 million to $176 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Charles E ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Sheedy, C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Mary's College ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Jenkins, C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? C ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 2 million ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? A ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? ) degrees ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? g ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? S ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  colleges ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Fr ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? g ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The Rev ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Michael J ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: True
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Wieschaus ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  John Jenkins ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?  ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  degrees offered ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? A ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? M ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Div ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? ) program also exists ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The Joan B ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Theodore M ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 7%) ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Forbes ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  U ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  According to payscale ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  A ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Nef ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Div ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? , Business, M ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Ed ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? ) students ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  M ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  When St ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? "The Rev ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  John J ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? A ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 7 million to $176 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Charles E ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Sheedy, C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Mary's College ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Jenkins, C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? C ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 2 million ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? A ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? ) degrees ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? g ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? S ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  colleges ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Fr ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: True
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? g ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The Rev ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Michael J ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Wieschaus ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  John Jenkins ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
How many departments are within the Stinson-Remick Hall of Engineering?  ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: True
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? A ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? M ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? A ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? C ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? A ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? g ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? S ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? g ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
The College of Science began to offer civil engineering courses beginning at what time at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: True
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? M ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? C ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? A ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? S ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? g ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Wieschaus ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  John Jenkins ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  DeBartolo, Jr ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  and astronaut Jim Wetherbee ::: False
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Atop the Main Building's gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Dome yearbook is published annually ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome) ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Joseph lake from the Main Building ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  degrees offered ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This program has been recognized previously, by U ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  News & World Report, as outstanding ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? M ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? ) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? ) program also exists ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The Joan B ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Theodore M ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The main building is the 14-story Theodore M ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 7%) ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  1,400 of the 3,577 (39 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 1%) were admitted under the early action plan ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  News & World Report's Best Colleges 2016 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Forbes ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? com's America's Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  U ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame's graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  According to payscale ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Father Joseph Carrier, C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Today the work has spread to other universities ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  A ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Hermens, and John U ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Nef ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Div ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? , Business, M ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Ed ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? ) students ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest 'dream school' for parents to send their children ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? " It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  With 6,000 participants, the university's intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? " The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men's Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC") ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university founder, Fr ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen" ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage ( ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Rockne's offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Holy Cross Father John Francis O'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Spearman, Jeremiah D ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  M ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  O'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  When St ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Paul said: 'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,' he included football ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? "The Rev ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  John J ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh, C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  served as president from 1946 to 1952 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and developmentThe Rev ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Theodore Hesburgh, C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? , (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 7 million to $176 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  After extensive debate, merging with St ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Mary's was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  "In American college education," explained the Rev ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Charles E ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Sheedy, C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? " Thomas Blantz, C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? , Notre Dame's Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? " Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Mary's College ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor's degree in marketing ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? , (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Jenkins, C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? C ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? , the 17th president of the university ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Sorin to be artist in residence ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 2 million ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Prominent venues include also the Edmund P ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  On the Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? A ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? ) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? ) degrees ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? g ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture) ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? S ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  colleges ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Fr ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university's administration, classrooms, and dormitories ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Created by Theodore W ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The band regularly plays the school's fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? George Gipp was the school's legendary football player during 1916–20 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? " The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Kelly's record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 2012, Kelly's Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons ::: True
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? 1 million is retained from the team's profits for academic use ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? g ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Zahm House's two-story banner) ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The Rev ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Michael J ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928 ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March" ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker's former comrades ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame? Notre Dame alumni work in various fields ::: False
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?  Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice ::: False
